Dreams
Can you remember the dreams you had?
Do you share your dreams with others?
Do you think dreams have special meanings?
Do you want to make your dreams come true?

Keys
Do you always bring a lot of keys with you?
Have you ever lost your keys?
Do you often forget the keys and lock yourself out?
Do you think it’s a good idea to leave your keys with a neighbour?

Sports team
Have you ever been part of a sports team?
Are team sports popular in your culture?
Do you like watching team games? Why?
What are the differences between team sports and individual sports?

Pets and Animals
What’s your favorite animal? Why?
Where do you prefer to keep your pet, indoors or outdoors?
Have you ever had a pet before?
What is the most popular animal in China?

Food
What’s your favorite food?
What kind of food did you like when you were young?
Do you eat different foods at different times of the year?
Has your favorite food changed since you were a child?

Day off
When was the last time you had a few days off?
What do you usually do when you have days off?
Do you usually spend your days off with your parents or with your friends?
What would you like to do if you had a day off tomorrow?

Morning time
Do you like getting up early in the morning?
What do you usually do in the morning?
What did you do in the morning when you were little? Why?
Are there any differences between what you do in the morning now and what you did in the past?

Gifts
Have you ever sent handmade gifts to others?
Have you ever received a great gift?
What do you consider when choosing a gift?
Do you think you are good at choosing gifts?

Hobby
Do you have any hobbies?
Did you have any hobbies when you were a child?
Do you have a hobby that you’ve had since childhood?
Do you have the same hobbies as your family members?

Reading
Do you like reading?
Do you prefer to read on paper or on a screen?
When do you need to read carefully, and when not?
Do you prefer scanning or detailed reading?

Walking
Do you walk a lot?
Did you often go outside to have a walk when you were a child?
Why do people like to walk in parks?
Where would you like to take a long walk if you had the chance?

Typing
Do you prefer typing or handwriting?
Do you type on a desktop or laptop keyboard everyday?
When did you learn how to type on a keyboard?
How do you improve your typing?

Building
Are there tall buildings near your home?
Do you take photos of buildings?
Is there a building that you would like to visit?

Scenery
Do you look out the window at the scenery when travelling by bus or car?
Do you prefer the mountains or the sea?
Do you like to take scenery pictures?
What are the most beautiful sights you have seen while traveling?

Views
Do you like taking pictures of different views?
Do you prefer views in urban areas or rural areas?
Do you prefer views in your own country or in other countries?

Life stages
What did you often do with your friends in your childhood?
What do you think is the most important at the moment?
Do you have any plans for the next five years?
How do people remember each stage of their lives?

Plants
Do you keep plants at home?
What plant did you grow when you were young?
Do you know anything about growing a plant?
Do Chinese people send plants as gifts?

Public places
Have you ever talked with someone you don’t know in public places?
Do you wear headphones in public places?
Would you like to see more public places near where you live?
Do you often go to public places with your friends?

Rules
Are there any rules for students at your school?
Do you think students would benefit more from more rules?
Have you ever had a really dedicated teacher?
Do you prefer to have more or fewer rules at school?

Shoes
Do you like buying shoes? How often?
Have you ever bought shoes online?
How much money do you usually spend on shoes?
Which do you prefer, fashionable shoes or comfortable shoes?

Doing something well
Do you have an experience when you did something well?
Do you have an experience when your teacher thought you did a good job?
Do you often tell your friends when they do something well?

Crowded place
Is the city where you live crowded?
Is there a crowded place near where you live?
Do you like crowded places?
Do most people like crowded places?

Going out
Do you bring food or snacks with you when going out?
Do you always take your mobile phone with you when going out?
Do you often bring cash with you?
How often do you use cash?

Staying with old people
Have you ever worked with old people?
Are you happy to work with people who are older than you?
What are the benefits of being friends with or working with old people?
Do you enjoy spending time with old people?

Growing vegetables/fruits
Are you interested in growing vegetables and fruits?
Is growing vegetables popular in your country?
Do many people grow vegetables in your city?
Do you think it’s easy to grow vegetables?

Chatting
Do you like chatting with friends?
What do you usually chat about with friends?
Do you prefer to chat with a group of people or with only one friend?
Do you prefer to communicate face-to-face or via social media?

Borrowing and Lending
Have you borrowed books from others?
Have you ever borrowed money from others?
Do you like to lend things to others?
How do you feel when people don’t return things they borrowed from you?

Advertisement
Is there an advertisement that made an impression on you when you were a child?
Do you see a lot of advertising on trains or other transport?
Do you like advertisements?
What kind of advertising do you like?

Museum
Do you think museums are important?
Are there many museums in your hometown?
Do you often visit a museum?
When was the last time you visited a museum?

Having a break
How often do you take a rest or a break?
What do you usually do when you are resting?
Do you take a nap when you are taking your rest?
How do you feel after taking a nap?

Sharing
Did your parents teach you to share when you were a child?
What kind of things do you like to share with others?
What kind of things are not suitable for sharing?
Do you have anything to share with others recently?